[As Formatted]
1. What is the instructor's email? 
The email for our instructor of this course, Liza Rendon, is lrendon@tacomacc.edu.

2. What are the days and times are student hours?
Student hours are Wednesday 11:00am to 2:00pm and on Tuesday and Thursday during the time periods of 10:50AM to 11:20AM and 12:50pm to 1:20PM. 

What two days of the week are we meeting in class/ in person?
For PSYC&200 section 2 - 15094 we are meeting in class Tuesday & Thursday 9:30AM to 10:45AM.

3. How much is the course material?
Course material is free. The textbook is available for free via Canvas. 

4. What Canvas feature do I use to communicate to the whole class? 
Professor Rendon plans to use the Announcement feature in Canvas to communicate with the entire class.

5. TCC is built on what ancestral land/territory?
Tacoma Community College is built on the ancestral land and territory of the Coast Salish peoples. More specifically it is built on the land of the Puyallup tribe.
What is the importance of this statement?
Being mindful of our past helps us anaylze our present and better ourselves as an individual and as a society. Recognizing that we occupying ancestral lands of native people 
forces us to come to terms with the rammifications of our society's past, present, and ongoing actions such as colonialism and genocide. Being mindful and actively recognizing this past should
help us take better actions moving forward and strive to avoid those mistakes.

6. According to the Syllabus, what does engagement look like?
According to the syllabus engagement looks like taking notes, being prepared with lecture and chapter notes, and actively participating in class activities.

What is stated in the "engagement policy?"
The stated "engagement policy" is that during class is that there will be no usage of phones or other screens. Students are expected to only uses such devices outside of class as their usage demonstrates a lack of engagement.

7. What is the AI policy?
AI policy for this class is that it is not allowed. Usage of AI numbs your critical thinking skills, uses signficant natural resources, and their usage is heavy tied to academic dishonesty and lack of proper attribution.

8. What is a Netiquette item you are happy to see on this list?
I am happy to see the item "Use complete sentences and words" in the Netiquette guidelines list. I have made extensive use of online communications platforms over the past 25 years.
During this time I've seen as phones have become the prominent device for using the internet standards for communication have nosedived with increase usage of incomplete sentences, abbreviations, slang, and other non professional means of communcating.
I appreciate an online academic platform reinforcing the need to write properly.

9. What characteristic, from the Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Statement would you like to practice more of?
The characteristic that I would like to practice more of from the Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Statement would be flexibility. In my individual life I try to be mindful of all the listed
characteristics. However, I feel like I always struggle the most with flexibility and being unsure of if I'm accurately assessing other viewpoints when I'm trying to consider other perspectives.


10.How many Make Up opportunities are there this quarter?
There are four make up opportunities during this quarter.

Can you "re-do" assignments for a better grade?
You can not "re-do" an assignment for a better grade. Assignments can only be submitted by the "available until" date. This date usually has a small buffer after the posted due date.

What is the late work policy?
The late work policy is that late work is not accepted. Work can only be submitted until the "available until" due date. The make up opportunities are designed to accomodate unforseeable events leading to late or missed work.

11. True or False: Online assignments have varying due dates.
False. Online assignments have a fixed due date.

What week/chapter looks interesting to you? (tip: look at, "Course Calendar" in the Syllabus) 
Week 8 looks interesting to me. The listed extra credit oportunity of decolonizing psychology seems particularly relevant to current events that I've been following extensively. Seeing how that topic is tied with early adulthood immeaditely jumped out as something that would be interesting to learn about.

12. Under Expectations, there is a list of what I expect from you. What else is not on this list, that I can expect from you?
An item under student expectations that is not listed that you can expect from me is that I will attempt to actively engage in in-class discussions and questions. I have a long history with social anxiety and could fallback to online engagement, but I try to push myself to maximize what I get out of the classroom experience.

Under Expectations, there is a list of what you can expect from me. What else would you like to expect from me (that is not on the list)?
Something that I would expect out of the professor that is not listed is to be political. There is a push to not recognize the political nature of things unless it disagrees with your held beliefs. However, in the first class you already made it clear that you acutely aware of this and that the things we are going to learn are deeply and inherently poltical. 

13. What sources and how many source(s) is/are required when completing Critical Thinking assignments?
Critical thinking assignments require the usages of three sources. We are expected to use unit readings, class materials, and other academic scholarly sources to reach the required three sources.

14. What building is TCC, food pantry located, and what are their hours of operation?
The food panty is located in building 17. The hours of operation for the food pantry are:
- Monday - 12:30PM to 2:30PM
- Tuesday - 10:30AM to 1:30PM
- Wednesday - 12:30PM to 2:30PM
- Thursday - 11:00AM to 4:30PM

15. What question do you have that I can answer, or  what can I  clarify for you? 
What are your thoughts on the usage of tone indicators and emoticons? I'm not particularly a fan of tone indicators, but I do like emoticons in casual communications. However, as a teacher I was interested in your experience with the younger generations usage of these things.

16. Something, within the Syllabus, you found important to know or meaningful to you.
I found the info on generative AI in the sylabus to be important. I feel like generative AI was a big reason for why I was laid off of my last job and I've been deeply concerned about societal reprucssion that the technology will have as its usage is pushed everywhere.

[Objective Questions]
1. What is the instructor's email?
lrendon@tacomacc.edu

2. What are the days and times are student hours? 
- Wednesday 11:00am - 2:00pm 
- Tuesday/Thursday 10:50AM - 11:20AM & 12:50pm - 1:20PM

3. What two days of the week are we meeting in class/ in person?
Tuesday & Thursday

4. How much is the course material?
$0

5. What Canvas feature do I use to communicate to the whole class? 
Announcement feature

6. TCC is built on what ancestral land/territory?
Coast Salish peoples

7. What is stated in the "engagement policy?"
No usages of laptops or phones

8. What is the AI policy?
No AI usages

9. How many Make Up opportunities are there this quarter?
4

10. Can you "re-do" assignments for a better grade?
No

11. What is the late work policy?
No late work.

13. True or False: Online assignments have varying due dates.
False

14. What building is TCC, food pantry located, and what are their hours of operation?
Building 17
